[IOSP-226] App Center invitation instructions (#259)
Babylonpartners/ios-playbook: Cookbook/Technical-Documents/AppCenter.md

6. You should be able to launch the build now.

# Adding people to the organisation
App Center team is currently working on integrating Azure Active Directory to App Center Auth but for now, we still need to manually invite people. See [App Center ticket](https://github.com/microsoft/appcenter/issues/994) to check the progress on this.

### Steps to invite

1. Visit [App Center login page](https://appcenter.ms/sign-in) (using incognito mode to avoid logging you out from your account)

2. Click `Sign in with email` on the bottom of the page.

3. Use `App Center` credentials from iOS Team 1Password.

4. On the left panel, select `Babylon Health` organization and go to the `People` page.

> 5. Inside the `Collaborators` tab, invite someone using his/her `@babylonhealth.com` email.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Inside the `Collaborators` tab, invite someone using their `@babylonhealth.com` email.
```

> 5. Inside the `Collaborators` tab, invite someone using his/her `@babylonhealth.com` email.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
5. Inside the `Collaborators` tab, invite someone using their `@babylonhealth.com` email.
```

> 6. Switch to the `Teams` tab and select the team you want to add the person to. "BABYLON-TEAM" gives access to download builds for all of our projects so if you're not sure which one you should select, just invite there.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
6. Switch to the `Teams` tab and select the team you want to add the person to. `BABYLON-TEAM` gives access to download builds for all of our projects so if you're not sure which one you should select, just invite there.
```

> 7. Inside the team, add collaborator using his/her email (**Unfortunately, you can only add people that already accepted an invitation to the organisation so you need to wait for them to accept**).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7. Inside the team, add the collaborator using their email (**Unfortunately, you can only add people that already accepted an invitation to the organisation so you need to wait for them to accept**).
```

> 7. Inside the team, add collaborator using his/her email (**Unfortunately, you can only add people that already accepted an invitation to the organisation so you need to wait for them to accept**).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
7. Inside the team, add collaborator using their email (**Unfortunately, you can only add people that already accepted an invitation to the organisation so you need to wait for them to accept**).
```
